Meta ads get a bad rep in B2B for some
reason. We just think that Facebook is
full of junk and you can't really reach
B2B buyers on Facebook. But we've been
seeing some really insane results with
meta ads for B2B. I'm talking half the
cost per lead, lower cost per qualified
opportunity. A quick story, we had a
client of ours that was predominantly
focused on LinkedIn and we asked them to
start testing on Meta. They were
skeptical. Fast forward today, they
opened up $800,000 in new business
pipeline from Meta Ads as a channel, and
we're seeing some crazy results in terms
of the cost per lead on Meta in relation
to LinkedIn. In this video, I'm going to
cover what we see actually works for
Meta Ads at the time of this recording
for B2B. And if you're new to the
channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm the
founder of Ad Conversion. We teach 8,000
plus B2B marketers how to master ads and
manage over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS brands. So
everything we talk about today is going
to be from our experience in our ad
agency running meta ads for B2B. Let's
kick off with the first thing. The first
thing we're seeing work for meta ads
when it comes to B2B is look alikes and
building lookalikes off of your CRM
data. The real secret to making meta ads
work for B2B is good quality data. And
we're going to touch on this even
further in our next point. But the first
one is just building a lookalike off
your CRM data. And your CRM data is a
wealth of information for you to build
audiences off of it. And Meta is really
powerful. I want to say one of the most
powerful platforms in terms of figuring
out who is your ideal audience and then
helping you get in front of them. So,
what I can do is here I can upload my
CRM data into Meta Ads and then I can
build a 1 to 2% lookalike off of it. I
highly recommend if you're just getting
started with this, start with a 1%
lookalike, confirm audience quality, and
then scale to a 2% over time. And the
other thing, too, is you want to get
really intentional with the sources that
you build your look alikes off of. Good
quality data in equals better results.
Uh, bad data, worse results. It's pretty
straightforward. So, when you're
building your initial list, I recommend
that you focus on building a list of
existing customers. Depending on the
size of the list, you could even segment
it further based on win rates and
industries. And really, what you want to
do is you want to feed the absolute
cream of the crop, the best that you
possibly can, into Meta. Let Meta find
more people like it off of a 1%
lookalike. One quick other thing I want
to mention here is Meta does not do the
best in terms of matching business email
addresses and I know that's where we
struggle as B2B is because we're
predominantly focused on work emails. So
just know that even if you have only
business email addresses, it doesn't
mean that you you won't get any matches.
Of course, your match rate is not going
to be as high as like on a platform like
LinkedIn, but upload whatever data you
have, whether it's just business emails,
uh, work emails or personal emails,
whatever you can, whatever you have,
upload it here and see what the match
rate looks like and then see if you can
leverage it in your campaign. Okay. The
second thing that we're seeing work for
meta ads for B2B is building audiences
using third-party data sources. This
really ties into this whole thing of the
way you make meta work is good high
quality data to feed into the meta ads
algorithm so that they can find more
people like what you care about.
Assuming you don't have the possibility
of good quality serum data and you want
to tap into other high value data
sources. There are two data providers
that we're seeing good results with when
it comes to meta. By the way, I am not
affiliated with them. I'm not sponsored
by them. It's just from our experience.
So want to shout them out. The first one
here is SEP primer. We're seeing good
results with SE primer for meta ads
audiences. And using SE primer, you can
build custom audiences uh using their
different criteria from firmographics to
technographics to basically just build
advanced audiences so that you can use
their targeting options. They'll build a
custom list. They'll source those
contacts for you, upload into Meta, and
then you could build uh a 1% lookalike
off of that. Or you could just target
the list directly depending on the size.
The second provider uh that I actually
used to work at in a past life, so
definitely have to give uh give them a
shout out is metadata.io.
So with metadata, they have a product
specifically called uh meta match. Uh so
if you use these meta match audiences
this is similar to say primer they're a
competitor and it's the same
functionality where you can build
firmographic audiences technographic
audiences um all kinds of different
types of audiences where basically it
allows you think LinkedIn like targeting
but for Facebook ads. So whether you say
prime or metadata point here is you're
using third-party audiences to build
LinkedIn-like audiences for targeting on
a platform like meta ads. This is also
extremely valuable when you're focusing
on account-based marketing and you want
to extend your account-based strategy
outside of LinkedIn. That's where these
tools become even more powerful. The
third thing we're seeing work for meta
ads B2B is creative concept iterations.
Creative strategy is something that Meta
uh really needs for success. Even if
you're doing B2C meta ads, everything
comes down to the creative. It's one of
the biggest variables that you have,
especially as meta evolves, its
targeting to become even more broad over
time and more AI driven. So, your
creative is really the thing that's
going to allow you to really move the
needle in terms of attracting the right
audience in addition to that driving
performance. And I just want to take a
second and talk about creative strategy.
And if you guys want more tutorials on
creative strategy, let me know in the
comments below. But um there's really
three core points to having good solid
creative. Uh number one is your
messaging. Number two is the design and
then the third is the analysis. So
really the three things the three
questions you should be asking yourself
here is does the design support the
message? So many times we see the
concepts that people are testing just
doesn't make sense. The design does not
support the message. Uh is the design
clear, legible, and attentiongrabbing?
Like you really want to make sure that
you're optimizing for the placement.
That's a big um problem we see with meta
ads as well is people are using 10x10
placements like 1080 x 1080 and they're
sticking it in a 9 by6 story placement.
The story placement doesn't look very
good. It doesn't perform. So you want to
make sure when you're doing creative
concept iterations, you're taking in
mind the placement that you're trying to
optimize for. In addition to that is
does the copy drive action? I really
want to emphasize the word urgency and
motivation.
folks don't put enough attention and
effort on creating motivation and
urgency through their ads. And one of
the biggest cheat codes is the more
specific you can narrow in on a specific
problem, the more urgency you will
create by a proxy of that and the more
motivation you will have as well. So,
for example, if I had an ad promoting a
webinar and the webinar said how to get
started with LinkedIn ads and that was
my copy, the motivation may or may not
be there, right? The urgency definitely
isn't there because it's kind of seen as
like this optional nice to have versus
if I reframe the copy around how to fix
your LinkedIn ads rorowaz in the next 60
days, the people who see that second
message that already has a much greater
level of urgency. It also has a much
greater level of motivation. So, you're
going to be more likely to want to
engage with it. And I really want to
stress the impact of creative concept
iterations and creative concept testing.
In B2B, we often just get commonplace
and you know, just lazy to be honest.
And we just test micro changes in our
ads versus testing completely different
look, feels, and concepts. So, for
example, a before and after versus a
meme versus a product illustration.
talking random, not micro different
optimizations in terms of blue versus
green. I'm talking dramatically
different creative concepts. That is
what we're seeing actually move the
needle for meta. Just wanted to take a
quick second and say if you're loving
this video, you will absolutely love our
free courses here at adconversion.com.
Sign up and you can get access to our
Reddit ads courses, Google Ads courses,
LinkedIn ads courses, and more. They're
all 100% free. Seriously free. If you
don't believe us, you could even check
out our wall of love. Look at all our
reviews. Our goal is to build the number
one place to learn B2B advertising. So,
if that's something you're interested
in, come check us out at a
conversion.com. And let's get back to
the video. Okay. The fourth thing we're
seeing work for meta ads for B2B is
using custom lead forms. Lead forms out
convert landing pages consistently
across the board when it comes to B2B.
However, I will put one disclaimer here.
If you can get landing pages to convert,
they will drive higher quality. However,
if you're having landing page issues,
you need to improve your landing pages.
Definitely don't just rely on lead
forms. Uh if you guys want a video on
landing pages, let me know. But lead
forms with custom qualification we are
seeing work really well. So for context,
when you create a lead form here in
Meta, you have some op options of how
you can actually set up your lead form.
So for context, like um I can go ahead
and choose my form type. So I can choose
more volume, I can choose higher intent.
Uh in addition to this, what I can do is
uh I can go ahead and add in custom
questions. I can also add in um work
email. So let me just show you this
here. So you can see I can do contact
fields, work information, work email. So
asking for the work email and requiring
validation is a really good step just to
make sure that you're getting good
quality leads from Meta. In addition to
this, you can add additional custom
questions to pre-qualify the traffic.
So, for example, for us in our agency,
one of the questions we might ask is,
"What is your current monthly ad
budget?" I can go ahead and add that in
here um as a a custom field and get that
information. So, for example, I'll just
do a multiple choice custom field and it
be how much is your current monthly ad
budget? And from here, now I can list
out different options. So, I could say,
you know, between zero and maybe I'll
just say zero dollars. Not even. That's
kind of useless. I'll be like $10,000,
you know, 10,000 to 50, 50 to 100, etc.,
etc. So, I can add in these custom
questions and now it becomes something
that the user can experience and opt
through to just to kind of help add some
friction into the lead form because the
trap that we find with Facebook and lead
forms specifically from for B2B is we're
not validating work emails. And then in
addition to that, we are not adding
friction into the form process where
it's as simple as like you just put an
email and that's it. And it's too easy.
Like we want to add in some level of
friction into the process. So we can
kind of combat what we call uh social
amnesia. Social amnesia is like, have
you ever had that experience where
people fill out your lead form, then you
speak with them, and then they're like,
"Oh, I don't remember giving you my
information. I don't know where you
found me from." Right? like they this
social amnesia like where they their
brain just shuts off and they forget how
they actually gave you information in
the first place. Well, to combat that,
you add friction into your form
conversion process. So, if you're using
lead forms, try using custom lead forms,
work email validation, plus additional
custom fields if you really want to ramp
up the friction in the process and this
will help improve the lead quality that
you're getting from meta ads. Okay, the
fifth thing that we're seeing work for
meta ads B2B is broad targeting. And I
know this one is controversial. So, let
me explain some nuances and some context
because this definitely is not for
everyone. But what we are finding works
for Meta is Meta is continually
optimizing their algorithm to get better
at finding the people that you care
about. So now with advantage plus
placements, now with expanded audiences,
and then moving more and more towards
having meta be in the driver's seat in
terms of figuring out who your audience
is, this kind of ties into this
narrative of broad targeting. So when it
comes to broad targeting, I highly
recommend that you can give this a shot
if you meet the following conditions.
Number one, you are not interested in
account-based marketing. Because if
you're interested in accountbased
marketing, broad targeting is not for
you because you're only interested in
going after specific companies. If
you're trying to do ABM, you have to
stick to your first-party data or you
have to s source third party data using
the tools that we talked about. So
that's that. If you have a large total
addressable market, I'm talking about
you're going after small business or
lower mid-market, maybe even like middle
mid-market depending on how you define
that, but you're going after small to
middlesize companies, then broad
targeting could make a lot of sense for
you because you have a massive total
addressable market and Meta could do a
really good job at trying to find the
people that you're going after. In order
to make this work, your creative becomes
even more important because your
creative in addition to the signals that
you feed Meta when you build your
audience is going to be the thing that
Meta uses to determine who is interested
in your ads. So the people that are
engaging with your ads or responding
with your ads, these are all signs of
validation to Meta's algorithm to say,
"Hey, let me serve my ads more to these
types of individuals and less to those."
So, if you're doing broad targeting, you
want to make sure that you are
explicitly calling out who the ad is for
and who it's not for. It should be like
mosquito repellent. You know, if they
are not your ICP, they are not going to
hit the ad. Like, they're going to fly
away and go in another direction. That's
exactly the level of copy and
specificity you want because your
creative is going to be doing the heavy
lifting for you in terms of moving the
needle to actually get in front of the
right audience. Hope this video is
valuable. Be sure to give this video a
thumbs up. Really helps us grow our
reach as a small channel. And be sure to
subscribe so you're notified of our
future videos. And when you're ready,
come check us out at adconversion.com.
Join our community of 8,000 plus B2B
marketers and master ads with our free
courses. Thanks so much. I'll see you in
the next one.